Welcome to the AIH brand story boot camp. I'm Sarah Ashley and I'm so happy we're here together. Go ahead and get locked in with a coffee or tea and be ready to take notes. By the time we're done with this video, you'll be able to take meaningful action that will give you clarity, ideas, and motivation. So, first off, why are you here? You're probably here because you realize that AI is here to stay and that generative AI has in fact leveled the playing field. Your voice is the only true differentiator that people recognize, trust, and can act on. And after all, your voice is how your audience knows that you know it's you. In terms of AI, we can't put the rabbit back in the hat, but we can optimize how we use it. What you put into AI matters more than what comes out of it. And that's one of the key principles of this boot camp. If you want to have a great brand story in the age of AI, if you want to be able to free up your time and actually use AI tools to your advantage, then you have to get clear on your story, your voice, and your message. Now, I'll answer some big questions you might have first, and then show you how to create an AI age brand story. Then I'll show you the first step you can take today to see fast results and take quick action. No, it's not a paid course, but for full transparency, I will present an offer at the end. But if you're serious about this, stay until the end and I'll give you a $399 bonus for free. And you'll also get all the other free resources that I'll mention throughout the video, regardless if you join the paid or not. So, it's honestly a huge win either way if you stick around. Now, truthfully, so many business owners keep themselves from success. I've personally thought I didn't need a brand voice or a brand story. I've pushed my messaging and story aside because I told myself I didn't have time. So, if you feel seen on this slide, good because I've been there, too. But I want us to imagine a different scenario for a moment where we feel empowered. You don't need to be a big company to have a brand voice or brand story. That's just a false narrative, right? You're creating your story, your tone, your message, whether you realize it or not, no matter how big your business is, whether it's one person or a thousand. So, why not do it with some intentionality? Most people also come to me and say, "I'm not a writer. I really struggle with talking about what I do. I don't know how to get the words out of my head. Well, I would like to offer a perspective shift that you don't need to be a writer at all. What you just need is a system and the right mindset shift that can help you get there. Right? And with that system, that mindset shift, the time you spend today workshopping your content, your message, your voice, your story will make everything you do three times more effective to where you don't need to spend more time trying to figure it out. Figure it all out. It's just going to be done. And that's whether you're doing it yourself or if you're using AI tools or maybe you even have a team that you're trying to hand more, you know, messaging and um story work to as well. either way. But really, who am I anyway? And why should you listen to a random person on the internet? Um, well, allow me to reintroduce myself. My name is Sarah Ashley. I'm the CEO of Portal CopyCo. I've been brand messaging and copywriting expert for six years now. Wow, that seems like a long time, actually. I've led a lot of brand launches. I've developed voice, messaging, and style guides for dozens of companies. Um, I've helped literally over 570 company companies with copywriting, branding, messaging, all that good stuff. I've helped them build clear, consistent, revenue driving messaging frameworks that support everything that they're doing, like from their first Instagram post to their 100 sales page. So, I definitely know what I'm talking about in this area, and it's honestly so fun. And I genuinely enjoy what I do. I genuinely enjoy helping people and supporting business owners across every stage of their journey. It's super fun and rewarding and I get to pass on some of that excitement to you because we are going to learn so much together in this short amount of time. So here is this 30 minute boot camp agenda. We're touching on four pillars of brand story in the AI era all in under 30 minutes so that you will walk away with information to use and implement from here on out. So, we're going to start by touching on how to distill an unforgettable brand voice. We'll map your customers conversion journey and just talk about the conversion journey if you're unfamiliar with it and then talk about how to turn your ideas into premium content um without spending a lot of time on it. and then talking about a plug-and-play content calendar and how to go about ideating and building that for yourself. And you'll also get a free messaging audit plus the bonuses. So, very exciting. Okay, here's the part where you can take action today. And here's how you can do it. If you haven't already, go download the free brand messaging playbook. It should be in your email that you received um once you submitted the form that you saw. Um it's it's a download link, so just go ahead and grab it. It's a PDF. Don't worry about filling it all in right now, though. Just make sure you have it either printed or open in your browser. For my people that like to print out their workbooks and worksheets and whatnot, there is line space to write on. And for my digital people, you should be able to write or type on the lines as well. So, either way, just make sure you have it open and available as we're kind of brainstorming. You might get a great idea that you want to jot down and, you know, hold on to it. So, it's yours to keep no matter what. So go ahead and get it and if you're having trouble download it downloading it just email me hello@portalcopyco.com and I will resend it to you. So let's get right into it with the first pillar which is distilling an unforgettable brand voice. Now, when people read your content or they hear you speak at a panel or at a podcast or anything where you are presenting yourself to people, they should instantly recognize you or at least get a thought in their head like, "Oh, wait, that's, you know, something, you know, Sarah would say or that sounds like sounds like Sarah." Right? Your brain voice is in essence a combination of your tones or your tone, excuse me, your values and your vocabulary. Now, your tone can be playful, bold, serene, direct, confident, very emotionally driven, empathetic, very spicy even, dare I say. But your tone is what sets the mood to communicate the best with your audience. Whenever you're telling your brand story, whenever you're conveying your message, right? Whenever you are speaking in, you know, even a social media post or, you know, whatever it is, it is that like emotional connection, right? Or it helps create that emotional connection. In terms of vocabulary, identify key terms that you use or phrases. For example, I use the phrase greetings a lot. So, like whenever I'm talking to people or whenever I'm starting a YouTube video or something, um, I I throw the word greetings in there. And there's certain little phrases and nuances and things that I say that's part of my key vocabulary that has helped define and cultivate my brand voice over time. Right? You might even have a catchphrase that you say that's part of your part of your brand voice and that's integral to maybe an idea that you're trying to get across. Right? Whenever you are uh distilling your brand voice, you're really fine-tuning it and figuring out what your voice is. I encourage you to anchor your voice on your values. So for example this this component of values is let's say you are a very empathetic person you're very passionate about philanthropy environmentalism etc. Those would be your personal core values that mean a lot to you that is you know going to stick with you no matter what. So you would anchor your voice on those values. So your voice would probably naturally become more empathetic, sympathetic, more attuned like to like societal shifts and the culture and things that are going on in the world, right? And your your voice and how you speak and write would you know match that. So three quick prompts to brainstorm your voice in real time. I encourage you to ask yourself, if my brand were a person, who would it sound like? Maybe it's an influencer, maybe it's a celebrity, maybe it's someone in your personal life that you really look up to. Who would it be? And write that down. Also, what are three words your best clients would use to describe you? Or if you don't have clients, maybe it's your friend or a mentor or someone that you're very close with, a partner. How would they describe you? And then what would what do you always say and never say? There are certain phrases that I would just never say and I know I would never say them. I can't think of them off the top of my head, but when I hear other people speak and say those words, I'm like, "Yeah, I would never say that." And it's not necessarily a bad word. It's just little nuances. For example, like I tend to not gravitate towards like silly language or verbiages. I try to be more, you know, empowering, inspiring, confident, but also kind of I can be a little cheeky and playful as well. So, think about that. Brainstorm. Maybe write down a list of five things you always say and five things that you never say or you wouldn't say. And to make this process easier for you, try to use past client testimonials or your own DMs. Again, if you don't have client testimonials, you can just look through your DMs with people and pay attention to how you word things. Pay attention to how other people respond to you and maybe if they have any feedback about what you're saying or what you're doing. I actually have like a notes list of feedback that I've gotten from people on social media about my content and how I speak. Can I go the extra mile to ask them, hey, like what did you think of this or what was it about my, you know, content that resonated with you or what was it about, you know, this post that I created or anything written, right? Ask for feedback. And switching gears for a second, understanding your customer conversion journey is super important because you are implementing your voice and your speaking in your voice to everyone at different stages of their journey with your brand. Right? And this is a this is one of the basic marketing principles is the idea of a funnel where people start in an awareness stage they move to consideration then to decision making and then to loyalty hopefully at the end once they've purchased um or invested with your business. So every great message meets your audience where they are emotionally and logically which goes back to your voice. And when your content speaks to their stage in the journey, it helps nurture them and convert them through the funnel towards that loyalty stage. Right? So in the awareness stage, you might have more of a broad message and your story might come across more broad. For example, as a copywriter, instead of talking about how to write a sales page, I might talk about what is copywriting and what is a sales page because that's more awareness. That's more general knowledge, right? It's going to reach more people, right? And then consideration and decision get more and more specific. Think about the last time you were considering buying from a brand or um you know investing in a service, right? You went through this stage of one recognizing that they even exist in the first place and two asking yourself, how can this help me? Like what am I going to get out of it? And you probably did a lot of research. You probably, you know, looked at customer reviews, testimonials. Maybe there's an influencer that you really look up to and you look to see if they had any opinions or have used this product or service before and then you made that final decision. Okay, is this worth it? And if you did, then you did and you're like, now what's next? You know, and you either become a loyal customer or you know, you probably never use that product again or you might give them another try. You just weren't sure. So, these are all stages of a funnel that happen for every single person. For me, for you, for Linda down the street, don't know you, Linda, but you get what I'm saying. It's happening for everyone. And in terms of loyalty, what businesses can do to really encourage loyalty after the fact is reward referral and affiliate programs. Those are really um popular and simple ways to just go the extra mile. And considering this entire customer conversion journey, take a second and maybe map out what awareness looks like for you. What does consideration and decision and loyalty look like for you? How are people finding you in the awareness stage? Are they finding you on Tik Tok? Are they finding you on YouTube? Where exactly are they going to find you? And write it down. And if you're a mind if you're a mind map person, I would even mock up like, you know, a mind map, you can use um whiteboards in Canva or even just get a physical whiteboard and draw it out, right, with arrows going to each stage. Consideration. What are you creating to help them consider you more heavily? Right? Do you present a lot of proof points? Do you present a lot of case studies? What is out there on the internet that can help me more easily choose you? And what can help me connect with you to encourage me choosing you, if that makes sense. And throughout all of this, tie in your voice. Your voice is going to be key. And you might speak a little bit differently to each stage um in the customer conversion journey as well. So, that's a lot. We can go deeper into that, but let's move on to pillar three, which ties in your voice, ties in the stages of the customer conversion journey, content. The best content starts in your notes app. And I will tell you right now, I have probably 1,200 notes in my notes app. So, I have so many notes. Um, literally every time I get an idea, if I'm driving, boom, notes app. Well, voice to voice to text. Of course, I'm not texting. Um, if I'm in the shower, you know, quick, hey Google, like remind me about blah blah blah blah blah. Um, and then I'll go and take that reminder and make it into a note or something. But there's just so many different ways you can capture your ideas when you're on the go, when you have them in the moment, right? And honestly, some of my best ideas come to me when I'm just walking around outside, when I'm going for a daily walk. Right? Your ideas are golden. So, capture them. If you have a lot of ideas, you just need a structure that turns those into posts and captions quicker, right? How do you go from idea to done and finished and posted, right? I encourage you to follow this quick system. Like I said, using voice notes, um your notes app. If you don't have a notes app on your phone, download one. You can get a notes app on your computer, too. Um I have a Windows computer and I use the I think it's just called notes. Let me see. What is it called? Yeah, sticky notes. It's a Windows app. So you can download that and use it and it puts actual sticky notes on your desktop. If you have client calls, use those to source your content, right? Use those to get ideas. Listen to those. Even if you have a lot of conversations with your significant others, friends, whatever, refer back to those conversations to get ideas for your content to help quicken the process of creating it, right? Instead of just sitting there and thinking, "Wow, I have no idea what to post." You have content ideas all around you. You have messaging ideas all around you. Avoid writing from scratch. Like I said, start from a prompt. Don't forget to get the 15 prompts for content, messaging, and marketing in the video description. Just make a copy of the Google sheet and you can have those and use them. Put those into chat GPT, Claw, Gemini, whatever it is, and fill them out because they're just templates. Um, they're great templates. and use that to help you at least get a start. You're going to want to weave in your your brand voice, your brand story, of course, into the prompts. So, I encourage you to really workshop and have an idea of how you want to sound and your story and your messaging first and then use the prompts. And of course, you'll have to refine it, refined um refine the output to be more aligned with what you want, but it's at least a good starting point, right? And then edit with your brand tone in mind. Of course, like I just said, everything should filter through the lens of your tone, your voice, your story, your core message and idea that you really want to get across to people. And you might not realize it, but um even influencers do this. Even people you watch on social media, they typically have some lens that they're filtering their content through and it just looks effortless and feels effortless because they've done it so many times to where they they can get that result. And you can too. You just have to practice. Here's an example for how you could repurpose using the hook value action um format for one content piece. You can use a voice note and turn that into a voice over with a real like use B-roll for the footage and use the voice note as the um the audio. You could turn that into a um a caption for like an Instagram post. You could turn that into an email newsletter that you send as well. You could also use your brand story and turn that into um a thread on X or threads. You could turn that into a whole blog post to feature on your website or even break it down to into a high impact premium Instagram carousel. So, there's so many ways that you can repurpose your ideas. You should also get a notes app that allows you to have folders. So, in mine, I have a folder called content ideas. And every time I get an idea for content or um I get a story idea related to my brand, like a story to share, I drop it into my content ideas folder on my phone and I can just have everything there as like a little, you know, bucket of things all in one place, which is super helpful to stay organized. When you have 1,200 notes on your phone, you got to stay organized. But going back to creating a plug-and-play content calendar, I encourage you to remember that consistency builds recognition, but only if your content is built around your mission and audience while anchoring itself on your brand story and your brand voice. Right? And these four pieces of the pie here are all different ways you can create a plug-and-play content calendar. And these are different content types that you can mix and match to create content. So, for example, your process. What does it look like to work with you? What does it look like to buy your product if you're a productbased business? What is um your point of view? What do you believe and why? Which goes back to your brand story. What do you believe? What caused you to believe this? How did you come to believe this? And why did that happen? and turn that into a story within itself that ties your brand around it. Proof, testimonials, client outcomes, feature a case study, show people that real people trust you. Especially in an AI age, your personality is super important to put out into the world. Think about like behind the scenes moments. And honestly, just you vibing and talking about things to the camera and putting your face out there and just expressing yourself is really important for people to build that emotional bridge and connect with you. And here's a quick system to follow. Choose at least three days a week to show up. If if three days is like too much for you and you know that that's your limit and it's going to demotivate you, then maybe do two days a week. But find your limit. find your max and do that to show up consistently and rotate your content pillars as you're showing up. So maybe Monday you post about what it looks like to work with you. Um Wednesday you post about your um like a client case study and a win that you just help someone achieve. And then on you know Friday you post what you're doing for the weekend and it's a personality moment. And if it's a and if you have a product based business, you could just take a product based spin on that. Show someone using your product. Um on Monday and on Wednesday, show why you created the product and then on Friday show yourself, you know, actually using your own product maybe. And then you can also batch and repurpose your content. You don't have to just come up with one idea for one reel, another idea for an Instagram carousel, and then another idea for a Tik Tok. You can use the same idea and just spin it in different ways to maximize your time and effort, which sounds like a lot, but once you build a system and you have a messaging framework and you have a story, right, you have a voice that you you can just tap into and lock into, it becomes a lot easier to just create content and create whatever it is you need need to create when you have this um in place. And even if you're using AI, you must have this in place. Otherwise, you're going to get some generic AI copy and content. It's just not going to hit and it's not going to feel authentic or you're going to be wondering, you know, is this good or not. So, don't wor about it. Don't let yourself have to wonder about it. As a thank you for sticking with me so far and also to keep the action going, I'm giving away one free mini messaging audit to everyone who made it this far in the video. Yay. This is so amazing. You can pick one page on your website, one social media post, one email, one landing page, etc. You get the gist. Just one thing and I will comb it to see how your brand story or messaging is helping you grow or not. Then I'll send you the audit in an email. You won't need to show up for a call or anything. It's not live. I'll email it to you. So definitely claim your audit since it's free. The link is in the description. So, just click the link to claim your messaging audit. And this is a $399 audit that I usually do for people and you're getting it for literally zero. Zero. So, definitely take advantage of that. Now, I want to respect your time. I know there's at least several more hours of information on this topic. We could go into it so deep and that's why I'm inviting you to the full 4-week AIH brand story boot camp. This is that offer I mentioned, but give me a minute to go over it and what's included in the program. Trust me, it is worth your time to at least hear me out. And after that, you can decide if you want to continue on your own or have my guidance every step of the way as you're creating your messaging and you're fine-tuning your brand voice and your brand story. And again, you're getting not only this video, but you're also getting the free messaging playbook, which is in your email. You're getting the 15 messaging and marketing and content prompts. It's in the video description. So, go make a copy of those. And you're getting the free mini 15minute messaging audit regardless. So, huge win for you. Don't forget to claim the messaging audit in the link in the description and get your prompts. It's all in the description. This 30 minute boot camp is only the beginning honestly of what you can learn inside the full 4-week AIH brand story boot camp. It's self-paced which means you can go through the modules and videos on your own time. You'll get live hot seat Q&amp;A calls twice a week for four weeks where you can brainstorm in real time and ask questions and leave with the most clarity you've had in years. the live hot seat Q&amp;A calls alone, the value, I usually charge 250 per call. So, you can do the math. Um, and because I want this to be the most accessible to everyone who's serious about their business, it's packed with literally over $2,000 worth of value. Like, seriously, it there's so much value in here, but it's only $499. And yes, there are payment plan options available. I'm pretty sure with the payment um processor that I use, you could split it into two or into three or four payments, or you can pay in full. It's up to you. By the end of week four, you're going to get your messaging dialed in for good. I promise. You'll also get a plug-and-play custom GPT template to use with your Chat GPT subscription if you have one, as well as messaging prompts for email sequences, sales landing pages, social media posts, so much more. And to make sure everyone gets personalized onetoone attention from Wah, I'm only bringing 10 people into the boot camp at this investment level. And I'm serious about that. Price will go up once those 10 spots are taken just to make sure everyone gets the most attention, the most value, the most support. Like, this is going to be a really personal boot camp. So, I'd love to support you on your journey. to get first dibs. Be sure to join the email wait list linked in the video description. I will send you an email when registration opens so you can save your seed ASAP. So, it's all in the description. Go ahead and click it. Get on the email wait list immediately because once I send the email out to everyone, um, whoever joins first gets in at that price and then it'll close or go up depending on how many people join. So, I know a lot of people are going to join. and I've already had three people interested right now. Um, so I would definitely take advantage of it. But until then, I really hope you found this helpful. Genuinely, I put a lot of work and effort into this because I just want to give back. I see people asking questions all the time. How can I get my messaging right? How can I get my, you know, social storytelling right? So, yeah, I hope this was helpful and don't forget to take advantage of the freebies. So until then, keep building a life without limits and I will see you later. So bye-bye.